Pass panics to the fallback error handler (#24240)
bevyengine/bevy: _release-content/release-notes/panics-to-errors.md

---

> title: 

Reviewer: needs a title

authors: ["@SpecificProtagonist"]
pull_requests: [24240]
---

> For long-running programs, crashing can be unacceptable. If, for example, there is a bug in one of your image editor's tools, it's better for that tool to fail or to produce wrong results than to loose all your unsafed work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For long-running programs, crashing can be unacceptable. If, for example, there is a bug in one of your image editor's tools, it's better for that tool to fail or to produce wrong results than to lose all your unsaved work.
```

Bevy's systems, commands and observers are able to return errors. You can either set an error handler case-by-case, or let the `FallbackErrorHandler` deal with it. But this used to only work for explicitly returned errors: Panics used to bring down the entire app.

> In Bevy 0.xx, these panics now get turned into errors and passed to the fallback error handler. By default this re-panics, but now you can choose to log an error and continue, or whatever else you want!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Bevy 0.xx, these panics now get turned into errors and passed to the fallback error handler. By default this re-panics, but now you can choose whether to log an error and continue, or whatever else you want!
```
